docs: improve installation (#6324)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/installing_manual.rst

    The symbols that can be used are ``/``, ``_``, ``.``, ``:``, ``\`` and space.
    So if you install CodeIgniter under the folder that contains the special characters like ``(``, ``)``, etc., CodeIgniter won't work.

Initial Configuration
=====================

> After installation, a few initial configuration is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installation, a few initial configurations are required.
```
